the little doggie him up to the next telethon for every day to come
according to the media
after your purchase
students
it's true that on the set
no it's the students
student associations
the pharmacy genevois and I heard a chief of
Saint Etienne
midwives
tagging fight with fangs do you good
to prove that they were there in front of the camera on that side of
Bordeaux towers on camera
is it exactly what does it consist of
happy delirium
ok lyon and barca are those ghetto cities
it's a bit of a triple challenge first and foremost a challenge to an athlete because
to the world of biarritz an addition in social josas noted that the pavement paris in
tandem relay
the lensois in the cities to raise funds
so how many students were involved
marcelo is obese
135 students of these participated in the assault of the problems
and so with also came up against the defenses fortis it's also a challenge and
logistics because you have to bring them to one everywhere in France and
to house them and feed them I thank everyone who participated in two finals
so we have to house them to feed them that after aftersales we had to
I also a little what is still the soil that much too what I have
the impression that I'm waiting for you
kufuor waiting for us
she knows how much
did you understand that tea
the students of France with his muscles there with this energy there
what did you bring to the 2008 telethon
August 19, 1984
I took a ride
in the field after 80 years
about 378 1961 euros it does not stop
mickaël delattre
the federation of general student associations so how many
associations mobilized for this amount
I knew that if I'm going to say then she so has the waters
to smi since 2001 and this year is still more than 300 associations
students who have mobilized
so especially in medicine with her the station offers the giant is taking
of tension but if we were in physiotherapy for the 24 hours
of speech therapy students' massage today
star students
marseille illusion wise pregnant women a charnel house
because in pharmacy
ian c is also a man on the ground who was 12 years old
associations are mounted
exchange booths at concerts, animations and land at the
Toussaint to implement argan telethon
arnaud mela bravo and congratulations to you who had cracked 51 thank you for reading
the manager a single shepherd
it's the strength of this telethon
energy and reserve force
despite a parliamentary report
wait for me to see
currently I'm still money at stake
before moving to a stage where it was the young wolf
these riots broke out
with what I just explained to you too, we brought back a little something
to listen to the whole tavini huiraatira
it's a rare phenomenon
in the emotion the wisdom you may well want to bring back a little something
thing
but if we wanted to bring back a little something is sure I quoted you
the cure and how much
so this year for the fnh the student associations of the fage have
brings back
to bring
a record
no